This is the final project for Mr. Kaplan's APCS-A class in 2018. In this problem, there are bus stations randomly spread across a 2D grid, with passengers randomly distributed among the stations. Each passenger wants to go to another station, also chosen randomly. You have a relatively small number of busses, each with a finite capacity. Your goal is to move all of the passengers to their desired stations in as few timesteps as possible.

[Javadoc](https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/ejkaplan/BusCoordinator/blob/master/BusRoutes/doc/index.html)

Rules:
- You must write a subclass of BusCoordinator. Your subclass must override the go() method, which decides what to do on a given timestep. You may not override any other functions or write any other classes. You may write as many helper methods in your class as you want. (And you are encouraged to do so.)
- Your class must be written in the Coordinators package. This just makes sure that you can't call any methods that you shouldn't. This means that you will need to import from the Simulation package. (Check the RandomCoordinator for an example if you don't remember how to do this.)
- You will be graded partially on style (formatting, comments, descriptive naming, use of abstraction, etc.) and partially on effectiveness. Style will just be Mr. Kaplan looking and your code and assigning points. For the effectiveness portion, you will be graded against a coordinator that cycles the busses through the stations in a random order, picking up passengers who don't want to be there and dropping off passengers who do. This coordinator is guaranteed to get everyone to their destinations, but always does it in a very very large number of timesteps. Matching the number of timesteps that this coordinator takes will get you 80% of the credit, and then you will be spread between 80 and 100 based on how you do relative to other students in the class.
- If your coordinator fails to deliver any passengers for a very large number of timesteps, the simulation will halt and you will fail. This number of timesteps is large enough that it shouldn't come into play unless your coordinator would never be able to get everyone to their destinations even if given infinite time.

Notes:
- You can use getStations(), getBusses() and getPassengers() to access a list of all of the objects of a particular type. Each of these classes has functions that tell you information about them, so be sure to check the javadoc.
- The enterBus() and exitBus() functions in Passenger to tell a passenger to get on or off a bus. These functions won't do anything if the passenger cannot enter or exit the bus. (For example, if they are between stations or they aren't at the same station as the bus.)
- the setDestination() function in Bus tells a bus to start traveling to another station. Make sure that you have unloaded all the passengers you want off and loaded all the passengers you want on (using the functions described above) BEFORE you do this, as once you set the destination, the bus leaves immediately.
- After your go() function ends, the program checks to see if any passengers are at their destination and removes them from your simulation. This means that when you tell a passenger to exit a bus at their final destination, there will be a brief window when that passenger is still present, but shouldn't be moved.
